# LifterLMS UI Components

UI components for use in LifterLMS and LifterLMS add-ons. This package extends functionality provided by [@wordpress/components](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/master/packages/components), adding additional components specific to the LifterLMS project.

## Usage in a LifterLMS add-on

This package is included in the LifterLMS core plugin as a module and registered using the WordPress scripts dependency API (see [wp_register_script()][https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/wp_register_script/]).

To use components you can add `llms-components` as a dependency to your script and access the module via `window.llms.components`, for example:

```js
const { ButtonGroupControl } = window.llms.components;
```

## Installation

Install the module as a dependency in your project:

```bash
npm install --save-dev @lifterlms/components`
```

## Changelog

[View the Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)

## API Docs

<!-- START TOKEN(Autogenerated API docs) -->

### ButtonGroupControl

Button Group Control component

Similar to the experimental `<RadioGroup>` component from @wordpress/components but it allows
passing in an array of options.

_Related_

-   BaseControl <https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/components/src/base-control>

_Parameters_

-   _props_ `Object`: Component properties object.
-   _props.label_ `string`: Control label text.
-   _props.className_ `string`: Control element css class name attribute.
-   _props.id_ `string`: Control element ID attribute.
-   _props.onClick_ `Function`: Callback function when a button in the group is clicked.
-   _props.selected_ `string`: The value of the currently selected option.
-   _props.options_ `Object[]`: An array of objects used to create the buttons in the group. Each object should contain at least a "label" and "value" property and can optionally include an "icon" property.

_Returns_

-   `BaseControl`: The rendered component.

### CopyButton

A "click to copy" button.

Uses the `useCopyToClipboard()` hook with a <Button> on WP 5.8 & later, otherwise falls back
to the deprecated <ClipboardButton>.

_Parameters_

-   _options_ `Object`: 
-   _options.buttonText_ `string`: Text to to display within the button.
-   _options.copyText_ `string`: Text to copy to the clipboard.
-   _options.onCopy_ `Function`: Copy success callback function.
-   _options.buttonProps_ `...*`: Remaining properties passed to the underlying <Button> component.

_Returns_

-   `Object`: The copy button fragment.


<!-- END TOKEN(Autogenerated API docs) -->
